hello youtube today i'll be showing you
my new lego trip care it's my all my
design it kind of has some stuff from
the public gunship like the guns in the
front um they move sideways both of them
these are my custom-made ting guns on
the side of balloons this ship also has
more guns than the Republic gunship has
kind of the same engine design um right
here this little part opens and you can
see the pilot okay so that's that then
we have the wings that are slanted
pretty cool I got that kind idea from
the public gunship so then we have this
little area you can you have to pick
this up and take it off and there's some
bombs okay so that's that set in the
back we have another door kind of see
opens in the back we have a trip that
comes off I'll say that later but in
here we have the it's like a little
cargo space and there's the area in
there that you can put troops in um so
that's that part right there and it goes
back there and see I like my design on
here with the Republic symbols on both
sides okay so now for the turret it
comes off ok so the turret comes off and
it drops it off so if you have a Graham
Bell you can use that
so that's the cool part about this I
kind of don't really know what to name
it except i call it acute care because
it carries coups and can drop off a
turret as you can see the turret has
very detailed designs all gray 18 gun on
it ok so that's that now for this side
the wings can go up that which i like
them slanted a lot better so we have the
pilot inside the front see that the
bottom of the hip is pretty simple on
just a bunch of flat pieces I'll show
you the cut how these side don't let
such things came off so they're
disconnected by these side pieces ok so
that's that same with the other side ok
so that is pretty much it um I like how
I have the colors that match bond one
second okay so like the colors that
match as you can see on the ship all the
colors pretty much match so that is
pretty much it so give you a view of the
sides on the outside
that's pretty much it thank you for
watching this video please comment rate
and subscribe thank you for watching and
goodbye